Palestine-Centered Groups
New Orleans Stop Helping Israel’s Ports (NOSHIP)
NOSHIP is committed to ending economic and cultural ties between New Orleans and Israel by putting pressure on New Orleans business leaders and lawmakers. General meetings are every Thursday at 6:00 p.m. with the option to attend by Zoom or in person. You do not have to be a member to attend meetings. New members cannot vote in decision-making in their first meeting. Members are granted voting privileges the second time they attend a meeting. To maintain membership, you must attend at least one meeting in a 4-week period. 


NOSHIP members give public comment at the Port of New Orleans monthly board meetings, and they join other groups advocating for a Ceasefire Resolution at biweekly New Orleans City meetings. NOSHIP committees plan and support local rallies and actions, and research and publicize information regarding weapons manufacturing facilities and the transfer of weapons to Israel. 


Sign up for NOSHIP’s Newsletter
Check NOSHIP’s Instagram for Upcoming Event and DM for meeting information
Sign NOSHIP’s Petition
View NOSHIP’s Demands
NOSHIP’s Key Links and Resources


New Orleans Ceasefire Resolution Campaign
The U.S. Campaign for Palestinian Rights (USCPR) and the Boycott Divestment Sanctions (BDS) National Committee have called for local city councils to pass ceasefire resolutions. While these resolutions are non-binding on federal powers, they are useful in creating a public forum for community members to express support for Palestine and urge lawmakers to change their position. 


Community members and organizations involved in the local Ceasefire Resolution campaign show up to the New Orleans City Council “Regular Meetings” that occur every other Thursday beginning at 10:00 a.m. at City Hall, 1300 Perdido St. Organizers are present at the meetings with signs to distribute for attendees to hold up, and to assist in understanding the public comment process. All you have to do is show up and speak to an organizer at the meeting if you’d like to get more involved. 


Sign the Petition asking New Orleans City Council to Pass a Ceasefire Resolution
Check the New Orleans City Council Calendar for upcoming Regular Meetings
Posts on upcoming public comment are regularly shared to the following Instagram accounts: Masjid Omar, VOTE, Nola4Palestine, NOSHIP, New Orleans DSA, and JVP Nola
View excerpts from public comments given by community members at Regular Meetings in April and May.


Palestinian Youth Movement (PYM)
Students for Justice in Palestine (SJP)
Active Chapters - LSU
Nola Freedom Forum
Palestine Film Day
Religious / Cultural Groups
Masjid Omar
Muslim Students Association (MSA)
Active Chapters - Tulane, Loyola, Xavier, UNO
New Orleans Chapter of Jewish Voice for Peace (JVP)
VAYLA, Asian American Pacific Islander (AAPI) Advocacy Organization
Arabic Club
Active Chapters - Tulane, LSU?




Political Groups
Students for a Democratic Society (SDS)
Chapters - Tulane, Loyola
Freedom Road Socialist Organization (FRSO) New Orleans
Freedom Road Socialist Organization (FRSO) is a national organization of revolutionaries fighting for socialism in the United States. FRSO members are rooted in the mass movements for justice, particularly in the labor movement and the movements of oppressed nations and nationalities– especially African-Americans and Chicanos. FRSO is active in the immigrant rights, anti-war, student and youth movements, and is organizing the united front against monopoly capitalism — with the strategic alliance of the multinational working class and oppressed nationality movements at its core. 


In the New Orleans area, FRSO members are involved in union and student organizing, New Orleans for Community Oversight of Police (NOCOP), Queer and Trans Community Action Project (QTCAP), and much more.


Read FRSO’s Newspaper “Fight Back! News”
Join FRSO as a General Member
Follow FRSO New Orleans on Instagram


New Orleans Chapter of the Democratic Socialists of America (DSA)
The Democratic Socialists of America (DSA) is a national organization of socialists fighting to weaken the power of corporations and the rich, and strengthen the power of poor and working people. DSA has over 80,000 members nationwide, and hundreds of chapters in communities across the U.S. The New Orleans Chapter of DSA organizes locally with more than 250 members to build working class power in southeastern Louisiana.


New Orleans DSA general membership meetings and most committee meetings are open to the public. The Chapter is currently working on the Make Entergy Pay Campaign and regularly hosts Health Fair + Brake Light Clinics. 


Sign-up for New Orleans DSA’s Weekly Newsletter
View Upcoming New Orleans DSA Events
Join DSA to Become a Member and email confirmation to hello@dsaneworleans.org to be added to the Chapter Slack
Key Information and Resources
Party for Socialism and Liberation (PSL)
Workers’ Voice Socialist Movement
New Orleans People’s Assembly
Community Groups
New Orleans Renters Rights Assembly
National Lawyers Guild (NLG)
Voice of the Experienced / Voters Organized to Educate (VOTE)
New Orleans for Community Oversight of Police (NOCOP)
Queer and Trans Community Action Project (QTCAP)
Mutual Aid Groups
Southern Solidarity
Community Kitchen NOLA
Trystereo
Below Sea Level Aid